When did this old lady get this phone?
This should be a gift from euros, right?
Later, this dead girl didn't have a good heart
It's not related to the old lady
We were also kicked out of the Bai family
And bought a cell phone for the old lady
Must be trying to please the old lady's parents as a family property
No wonder he didn't want to give him money before
It turned out to be the idea of hitting our property
Mom, you're awake
We came to see you
Grandma, you're awake
This is what I cooked.
No need, not busy.
Ouch mom, is this a distant thought?
Or have an ulterior motive
Mom, where are you talking about?
Have you been in a coma for the past few days?
We often come to see you.
That's right, I've been a little busy with work recently.
The stimulus chain at hand is out-point
We'd like to ask you a favor.
Take your little stake
Don't you have shares yourself?
Oh my god
If we sell our shares again
This company is in the hands of outsiders
What can be done then?
If you don't have the ability
Take the good stuff
It's better to give it to someone else as soon as possible
Don't wait for the company to go bankrupt
I went underground.
I can't explain it to our hunter and hare